Thumbnail seeking can help
improve the viewer experience
by displaying video thumbnails
over the player progress bar.
In this video, we'll see
how to add thumbnails
seeking to a Brightcove player.
Let's start by
looking at an example.
With thumbnail seeking
enabled, notice
when I hover over the
progress bar thumbnail images
will appear showing a
preview of the video
at that point in time.
This could be helpful
for longer videos
so viewers can preview a video
and jump to a specific point
in the video.
Let's see how this is done.
I'm going to open
the player's module,
and then click on a player name.
I'm going to click on Controls.
Check the Thumbnail
Seeking option
to have video thumbnails
appear as viewers hover
over the player progress bar.
For new players you create, this
option is enabled by default.
You will need to enable
this option for any existing
players.
Remember to publish any
changes made to players.
A couple of things to mention--
first, the images are
generated dynamically
the first time the
video is requested,
and then cached
for repeat viewing.
Second, images are generated
every 5 seconds for videos
less than one hour, and every
10 seconds for videos greater
than an hour.
Finally, thumbnail
seeking will only
work for videos that
have been ingested using
a dynamic delivery profile.
In the Media module,
videos that have
been ingested using a
dynamic delivery profile
will display a green cloud
icon next to the video name.